#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx-external-toc
babel==2.11.0
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.6
    # via nbdime
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.6.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via nbdime
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via myst-nb
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.20.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.8.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-book==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==0.4.3
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-sphinx==0.3.2
    # via myst-nb
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
lxml==4.9.2
    # via nbconvert
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via myst-parser
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
myst-nb==0.13.2
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==0.15.2
    # via myst-nb
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyter-cache
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.2
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.8.1
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-events
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==25.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   nbdime
    #   sphinx
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jupyter-events
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   jsonschema
    #   latexcodec
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.3.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-design==0.1.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==0.2.4
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==0.4.7
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.1.2
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.5.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.46
    # via jupyter-cache
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.8.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
